Update drm.md (#28)
dortania/OpenCore-Post-Install: universal/drm.md

* IQSV stands for Intel Quick Sync Video: this only works if iGPU is present and enabled and it is set up correctly.
* Special configurations (like Haswell + AMD dGPU with an iMac SMBIOS, but iGPU is disabled) are not covered in the chart. You must do research on this yourself.
* [Shiki source](https://github.com/acidanthera/WhateverGreen/blob/master/WhateverGreen/kern_shiki.hpp) is useful in understanding what flags do what and when they should be used, and may help with special configurations.

> * For error `VDADecoderCreate failed. err: -12473`, forcing the AMD Decoder(on applicable systems) can help resolve this: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you have the error `VDADecoderCreate failed. err: -12473`, forcing the AMD Decoder (on applicable systems) can help resolve this: 
```
